Website:- A website is a collection of many web pages, and web pages are digital files that are written using HTML(HyperText Markup Language).
	  To make your website available to every person in the world, it must be stored or hosted on a computer connected to the Internet round a clock. 
	  Such computers are known as a Web Server.The website’s web pages are linked with hyperlinks and hypertext and share a common interface and design.
	  The website might also contain some additional documents and files such as images, videos, or other digital assets.
	  With the Internet invading every sphere, we see websites for all kinds of causes and purposes. 
	  So, we can also say that a website can also be thought of as a digital environment capable of delivering information and solutions and promoting 
	  interaction between people, places, and things to support the goals of the organization it was created for.

WWW :- WWW stands for World Wide Web.It's a global server and known as web. It is a collection of websites, webpages and webservers.
       It is connect local computer through the internet.

HTTP/HTTPS :- Hyper Text Transfer Protocol
	      Hyper Text Transfer Protocol Secure :- Basically it's secure your website
	The Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP) is another key component of the WWW. 
	It enables users to access web pages by standardizing communications and data transfer between the internet's servers and clients.

Client Server :- Client is who can raise a request and server is who can receive request from the client.
	Client-server denotes a relationship between cooperating programs in an application, composed of clients 
	initiating requests for services and servers providing that function or service.

Domain :-  With an Internet address or name, a domain or domain name is the location of a website. 
	For example, the domain name "google.com" points to the IP address "216.58.216.164". 
	Generally, it's easier to remember a name rather than a long string of numbers. A domain name contains a maximum of sixty three characters, 
	with one character minimum, and is entered after the protocol in the URL (uniform resource locator), as shown in the following example.

Host :- any computer connected to a network. It can provide information, applications or services to other hosts or nodes on the network. 
	Some examples include, but are not limited to, computers, personal electronic devices, thin clients, and multi-functional devices.
	On a TCP/IP network, each host has a number that, together with a network identity, forms its own unique IP address. 
	In the Open Systems Interconnection (OSI) model, protocols in the transport layer, also known as Layer 4, are responsible for communication between hosts. 
	They use various protocols to communicate, including transmission control protocol (TCP) and User Datagram Protocol (UDP).

	There are various hosts:->
	1)Wen Host
	2)Cloud Host
	3)Virtual Host
	4)Remote Host
	5)Host Name

Hosting :- Hosting is the location where the website is physically located. Group of webpages (linked webpages) 
	licensed to be called a website only when the webpage is hosted on the webserver. The webserver is a set of files transmitted to user 
	computers when they specify the website’s address.

FTP :- The term file transfer protocol (FTP) refers to a process that involves the transfer of files between devices over a network. 
	The process works when one party allows another to send or receive files over the Internet. 
	Originally used as a way for users to communicate and exchange information between two physical devices, 
	it is now commonly used to store files in the cloud, which is usually a secure location that is held and accessed remotely.

	FTP may be used by a business or individual to transfer files from one computer system to another or by websites to upload or download files 
	from their servers.

Path :- A path is a string of characters used to uniquely identify a location in a directory structure. 
	It is composed by following the directory tree hierarchy in which components, separated by a delimiting character, represent each directory.
	The delimiting character is most commonly the slash ("/"), the backslash character ("\"), or colon (":"), 
	though some operating systems may use a different delimiter. Paths are used extensively in computer science to represent the directory/file relationships 
	common in modern operating systems and are essential in the construction of Uniform Resource Locators (URLs).

Extension :- The extension is a three- or four-letter abbreviation that signifies the file type. 
	For example, in letter. docx the filename is letter and the extension is docx. 
	Extensions are important because they tell your computer what icon to use for the file, and what application can open the file.

Editor/VSCode :- Editors or text editors are software programs that enable the user to create and edit text files. 
	In the field of programming, the term editor usually refers to source code editors that include many special features for writing and editing code. 
	Notepad, Wordpad are some of the common editors used on Windows OS

URL-URI/URN
URL :- URL, in full Uniform Resource Locator, compact string of numbers, letters, and symbols that a computer uses to find a resource on a network and act upon it. 
	URLs are often colloquially referred to as Web addresses, or simply addresses, since Web pages are the most common resources that users employ URLs to find.

URI :- A Uniform Resource Identifier (URI) is a unique sequence of characters that identifies a logical or physical resource used by web technologies. 
	URIs may be used to identify anything, including real-world objects, such as people and places, concepts, 
	or information resources such as web pages and books.

URN :- A Uniform Resource Name (URN) is a Uniform Resource Identifier (URI) that uses the urn scheme. 
	URNs are globally unique persistent identifiers assigned within defined namespaces so they will be available for a long period of time, 
	even after the resource which they identify ceases to exist or becomes unavailable.

Address Bar :- The address bar is the familiar text field at the top of a web browser's graphical user interface (GUI) that displays the name or 
	the URL (uniform resource locator) of the current web page. Users request websites and pages by typing either the name or the URL into the address bar.

Title Bar :- The title bar is a horizontal bar located at the top of a window in a GUI (graphical user interface). 
	It displays the title of the software, name of the current document or file, or other text identifying the contents of that window.